It is in this video we will see about a for object, how we can create a real thin object.
So to create object, we already know Java is object oriented language.
All the code is specified in dozens of different classes and we create the object of this class to access
the same class in another class.
Right?
So with that, we will see how we can create this particular class that is a student class.
Okay.
In the student class, we have a public variable that is integer that little number and we have a public
string variable which is name.
Okay.
And this is a constructor of the class.
What is a constructor and a main, main features of constructor?
We will learn that in the upcoming videos, but for now, just remember we have created the constructor
and we are passing this value and this assigns the value to this variable of the class.
Okay.
So constructor is used for initializing the value for this particular variable.
Okay, now let's move on to the array object.
Plus we are making the array of this class like this student.
Okay, so see instead of int character data type we have specified here.
Student Because we are creating a early on.
Student Today, then we initialize it to five like the length of the array will be five.
Then as per indexes we are adding the values here.
So what values it is expecting?
Let us check again once is expecting growing them but any rate, so it is expecting rule number one
name.
Okay, so this way we are specifying values for all the indexes that the 0 to 4 as the size of that
is five.
Okay.
Now we will bring the values as we are done in the previous example, same the with the index if you
will be accessing 0 to 4 and we will be printing the rule number here.
So a reader either rule number, listener either name.
Right.
So this is how you can initialize the object.
Oh you can say declare the array of object, you can initialize the array of object, you can specify
the value.
And this is how you can access particular element in the order.
Now let us run this example and check.
Okay.
See, it is showing.
And what index, what value is present here?
Okay.
This is how simple it is to create a create a class.
And you can create an array of that array of object of that class and utilize it in your code.
Okay, so try this out.
These are very important concepts in Java and you will be needing this a lot in overriding your, you
know, test food and things like that.
And there are a lot of use cases also where you can use a raise in jobs.
Okay, so focus on this topic and if you have any doubt or you can ask me and I'd suggest try it yourself.
All these examples, try it yourself so you can have a hands on experience like you are learning.
Okay.
So thank you for watching.
Let's get to the next.